---
layout: project
title: Heat Transfer Problem
description: Homework Question and Reflection
technologies: [Heat Transfer, Engine Design, Disassembly & Inspection]
image: /assets/images/3240Image.png
---

# Problem PDF
[Download the Problem and Answer]({{ "/assets/3240Q1HW4.pdf" | relative_url }}) in PDF format.



# Reflection
For this problem, we are told a scenario for a photovoltaic (PV) panel, and asked to solve for the thermal resistance network, surface temperatures, efficiency, and power flux of the system given a specific solar irradiation. I had no idea how the layers of a PV panel were made up, and didn't know that a fraction of the solar irradiation is reflected. In hindshight, that would make sense, but given the role of a PV Panel is to absorb sunlight to convert into energy, it wasn't an intuitive thought for me. I find it very interesting that the silicion layer is a fraction of the thickness of the glass, yet absorbs the majority of the solar irradiation. This makes sense from a mechanics of materials standpoint, but really is solidified by this problem. Finally, I am a TA for the CEE Intro to Engineering Climate Change class, so a lot of these topics are things I teach at a surface level to students every semester. However, this is the first time I've been able to dive deeper mathmatically, and really understand the internal workings of the PV panel. I will use this knowledge to be about to teach student more about PV panels and hopefully connecting their passion for climate change with their passion for engineering. 