---
layout: project
title: Mechatronics
description: Robot Competition
technologies: [Mechatronics, Circuits, C Coding]
image: /assets/3780Cover.jpeg
---

# Overview
For our Mechatronic class, our goal was to build a robot to compete to collect the most cubes. 

[Download the Problem and Answer]({{ "/assets/3240Q1HW4.pdf" | relative_url }}) in PDF format.



# Reflection
For this assignment, we analyzed the thermal behavior of a photovoltaic (PV) panel, and were asked to solve for the thermal resistance network, surface temperatures, efficiency, and power flux of the system given a specific solar irradiation. I had never thought about how the layers of a PV panel made up its thermal performance, and didn't realize that a fraction of the solar irradiation is reflected. In hindsight, this makes sense, but given the role of a PV Panel is to absorb sunlight to convert into energy, it wasn't intuitive to me. I also found it interesting that the silicon layer is a fraction of the thickness of the glass layer yet absorbs the majority of the solar irradiation. This problem solidified how the mechanics of materials influence energy absorption.


I am a TA for the CEE Intro to Engineering Climate Change course, where I teach topics such as solar panels at a conceptual level. However, this is the first time I've been able to dive deeper mathematically, and understand the internal processes of a PV panel. I will use this knowledge to be able to teach student more about PV panels and hopefully further connecting their passion for climate change with their passion for engineering. 